hello I'm Alex and my name is Jay and in
this video we are going to ask and
answer some of the most recent 20/20
part 1 IELTS speaking questions these
questions were actually given to us by
you so thank you very much for that and
these are recent and stick around to the
end of this video to find out how you
can contribute to our next video cool do
you want to review the method don't need
the methods they're not important
let's just do it alright here we go are
you ready yeah
Jay let's talk about haircuts okay all
right how long have you had your current
haircuts for two months why your mum
your mum any remember that I'm judging
your language so you want to give the
examiner more than that okay okay I need
to extend my answers okay let's go again
I'm gonna go to the next question okay
uh alright how often do you get a
haircut
well haircuts you know like shopping
centers hairdressers you know usually
they have scissors and um what you
cojiro yeah right
I was longer but I had trouble following
what you were talking about okay yeah
you do need to maintain some logical
development of your ideas and you know
okay okay let's go again come on okay
you can do this I can do it think back
have you ever had a bad haircut
experience well once upon a time when
else are really young boy I got this
haircut from a hairdresser and it was
very short and I didn't like it my mum
said it looked good but I thought okay
way too far fast but I thought but I
thought speed meant fluency come on Jay
alright moderate-tempo I can do this I
can do this I've got to keep up with
what you're saying yeah okay here we go
do you like to change the color of your
hair well I am interested in changing
the color of my hair but once I dyed it
purple and it looked really
[Laughter]
no swearing okay got that think of it
like a job interview for your English
you're trying to put forward your best
language for me okay all right let's do
one more okay yeah have you ever cut
your own hair
well subsequent to some research that I
had undertaken on the internet about the
hair follicles in the matter of the
keratin that is composed of the hair
fibers this is but this is great for a
cab you Larry right yes okay buddy
really compromise your fluency and I
think it actually didn't make any sense
either yeah yeah all right all right
let's do it probably I think I need to
review the math yes I want you to review
the method if you want to review the
methods click on the link here
you
all right let's do it all right no now
just to keep it real I'm not gonna ask
you the same questions because you've
had time to think about them I'm gonna
give you some more questions okay and
then we'll swap it around and I'll see
how I go okay all right great next one
recent topics today let's talk about
running okay do you like running I'm
actually not a big fan of running
because I I find that when I run it
tends to hurt my lower back so I much
prefer walking have you ever
participated in a running race not for a
very long time but when I was in high
school we used to have inter school
athletics between the local schools and
I used to go in those running races and
I remember getting terribly nervous but
it made me run really fast
why why do I get nervous I don't know
it's just just I went to a very small
school so then when we'd compete against
the other schools Elsie's there was just
lots of kids around and it was a lot of
frenetic energy it was good fun
[Music]
do you watch athletics on TV Wow I guess
the only time I watched athletics is
when the olympic games are on apart from
that I don't find it particularly
interesting I find people running around
a stadium quite boring actually no I do
what other sports where they run but
they're usually kicking a ball around do
you have do you have suitable places for
running in your neighborhood yes in fact
there's the Botanic Gardens here in
Melbourne just near where I live and
there's a running track around the
outside it's quite famous it's called
the tan I think it's about five
kilometres long and people run around
that all the time rain hail or shine
very good very good
much better after reviewing those
methods okay shall we swap what's what
okay let's talk about laughing Alex do
you laugh a lot yes I think I'm a pretty
happy person I tend to laugh quite a lot
I love watching comedies I'd love
listening to
you comedy podcasts in particular and I
think among my friends I'm known as ya
big laugher a big laugh oh hell that
just you just keep going if you say
something like that let's keep going
okay word of love I'm gonna be love
laughs maybe they can put into the
comments below if you think laugher is a
word or not Alex do you make people
laugh he just made me laugh sorry I
don't
it sounds a little bit arrogant to say
that I'm funny or I consider myself
funny so I wouldn't say that
however yes I think I can be funny
sometimes given given the mood and when
I'm with my close friends and we share a
lot in common and we share a long
history together in such situations it
has been known to happen for people to
laugh with me alright okay okay I think
you are so Alex how do you make people
laugh it's a difficult question how do I
make people laugh oh well I don't know
actually I've never really thought about
that it's not something that I would
consciously plan or consider doing I
think it's just a spontaneous thing that
happens and you know people make me
laugh all the time I think it's just it
just comes with being comfortable with
each other right when was the last time
you laughed about three seconds ago and
why was that ah just you know sharing a
bit of banter with a colleague but the
last time that I really laughed and
sometimes when I laugh I start crying
like I transitioned from extreme
laughter into absolute bawling-crying
the last time that happened was a TV
show the name of which I forget but it
was about two weeks ago fine great done
that was nice well done that was hard
laughs yes atomic actually laughing
surprisingly so that was
difficult right yeah even for native
english-speakers these topics sometimes
can really stump you laughing raining
all these sorts of weird topics that you
never think about so if you want to get
better at IELTS speaking then you should
practice with us
so check out WWE 2 language comm and for
our next video we're going to answer
your questions so in the comment section
below share with us the recent questions
that you've got in your IELTS test or
just any question that you want us to
answer nice
[Music]